Shot fired, and boom.
He's fast.
From that double touch feint, he'll go here!
You ready?
Air rush turn!
I'm in behind!
You're perfect at this, Bachira.
This'll work.
Our style of soccer...
can slice right through them!
Wha...
Are you serious?
What's he doing here?
A superb clearance by Oliver Aiku!
Blue Lock XI
What he did just now...
From the defense line,
he could see where everyone was on
the field and where the pass might land.
He assessed the situation in a flash,
and ran to where the likely
danger point was without hesitation.
That's the kind of reflex I want to use near
the goal, but he makes full use of it to defend.
His field of vision, his brain, his physique...
His defending is on a whole other level
from any defenders I've faced before.
This is a real defender.
Japan's U-20s
This is Oliver Aiku.
Here comes the throw-in!
We've got to crush him...
or we'll never win this match.
Episode
Itoshi Sae
No matter how much we pass it
around, with Aiku on patrol,
we won't make it through the middle.
So we'll get in behind.
Our second option is...
to break through down
the right wing. Otoya!
Blue Lock XI
'Kay. A stealthy breakthrough it is.
Ah, yes. I can smell it.
I can see right through that move.
Japan's U-20s
What do you want, you inked-up monk?
The yin and the yang.
The field has two sides:
the foreground and the background.
There are those who receive
the ball and stand in the foreground,
and there are shadows who lurk in
the background and go for one-shot kills.
He's keeping up with
my off-the-ball movements?
Too bad, ninja.
I'm the same as you.
Yes, I can smell it.
This guy...
He's anticipating where in the
background I want to place myself.
Can't you be a little sneakier, junior ninja?
Shut up.
Otoya can't get past him?
I can't pass it to him like this.
Isagi! Shift gears!
Right!
Onto the next option.
We'll try the other wing.
Crush him one-on-one...
Yukimiya!
Blue Lock XI
My turn at last.
Your goggles are so cool.
Japan's U-20s
Thanks, short stuff.
La Boba!
This way?
You're faster than your data says.
This guy... I thought I passed him.
He's a speedy defender, huh?
Over here?
I'm not really the carnivorous,
rough-and-tumble kind.
I'm the herbivorous,
fleet-footed kind of defender.
You sure are confident for a herbivore.
Seriously? Yukimiya's being tracked?
Here?
He can't get past him?
He's as fast as lightning!
Who the hell is that full-back?
Second ball!
Got it.
Blue Lock XI
It'll be tough to slice through them.
I'll control it and turn, then—
Destruction!
Super Controller,
I ain't giving you any freedom.
Japan's U-20s
He's fast into the press.
And his physicality is something else.
I can't turn goalward to build a move.
His pressing stopped Nagi
from using his control.
That guy's the powerful, pressing type!
Call me Dobermann.
Are you a guard dog?
Yup.
And here comes my master.
Good boy, Niou.
Aiku took it?
This chain of amazing defensive plays...
This is the U-20s' Iron Wall Quartet!
You're not moving, Blue Lock.
He beat me. One pass through the lines
and the tables have turned.
The guy waiting for it is...
Itoshi Sae!
Now, show us what you've got, Li'l Genius.
It's time for your debut.
Japan's U-20s
And Itoshi Sae's on the ball.
What will he show us?
Here we go!
Pass it through all of them!
Go to him! Go to him!
Hang in there!
The hell are you doing?!
I won't let you!
Blue Lock XI
We know we need to hedge
our bets in case of a counter.
When Bachira moves up, I fall back
into defense. That's our system.
I'll use my speed to stop you!
Huh? Passing it already?
Such quick decision-making.
And he's hit a super-tough, mid-speed
driven pass more than 50 meters?
Japan's U-20s
In-credible.
Blue Lock XI
I will be your opponent,
Mannequin Muscleman.
Nope.
Kitsune.
All right, nice.
Japan's U-20s
Don't waste time. Just send it forward.
Blue Lock XI
Within expectations.
Go ahead and try, munchkin.
"Within expectations"?
I could say the same thing.
Aw, hell.
Itoshi Sae's free in front
of the goal and within range.
An attack pattern that starts
and ends with Itoshi Sae.
This catenaccio counter is their objective.
Niko!
I'm there!
Stop him shooting. I just need
to buy one second, because then...
Chigiri-kun will be back.
Nice, Niko!
We pincered him. We halted Itoshi Sae.
Through the gap between us...
...he hit a peach of a looping pass?
How far does this guy's vision extend?
Hell yeah.
Japan's U-20s
Gagamaru!
Blue Lock XI
Uh-oh. Here it comes.
Jump, synapses.
Here's my super reaction.
Gagamaru Punch!
Wha...
Nice, Gagamaru!
It's still in play! Itoshi Sae's going for it!
He's already running?
Incoming again! Watch for the cross!
He doesn't have the angle.
We'll stop him!
Incredible.
A line drive shot from there?
And how many techniques did he deploy
in the lead-up to that shot?
Holy crap.
Japan's U-20s' Itoshi Sae
scores the first goal!
Everyone in the packed
arena is on their feet!
Sae! Sae! Sae!
Tch.
Hey, this reaction...
Sae! Sae! Sae!
We're playing an away game.
Damn it.
I see how it is.
The one playing the lead role
in this match is Itoshi Sae.
And we on the Blue Lock team...
are simply the heels facilitating
Itoshi Sae's moment in the spotlight.
No one's even looking at us.
Itoshi Sae! Itoshi Sae!
Don't get overwhelmed, Isagi.
Just keep your eyes on me.
In the next 90 minutes,
I will turn these cheers into wails.
Rin.
Itoshi Sae really is a genius!
What a stunning debut for the genius!
This is the true skill of Itoshi Sae!
Yup!
Today, we may be witnessing
the birth of a hero!
We may be!
That was an amazing shot!
What a super goal, Sae-kun.
Don't touch me, losers.
Three.
I had three chances to take a shot.
But I held back and put time and energy
into passing the ball to you guys instead.
That piece of trash missed a chance
a monkey could've put away,
so I got pissed and did it myself.
Monkey? Trash?
Oh, come on now. Their goalie
was pretty good, too, you know.
Hm?
A striker's value lies only
in their ability to score goals.
If you're worse at scoring
than a midfielder like me,
then you're not a striker in my book.
That's a bit harsh, Li'l Genius.
So how many strikers are there in Japan?
We're playing this match to find that out.
Don't do it again,
Mr. Worse Than a Monkey.
Come on now. The game's
only just started, Sendou.
Don't pass up any more chances.
I know, Aiku.
The U-20s is my team.
Damn. I saved it, too.
It was a glam save, Mr. Super Reaction.
I was watching.
Still, how could he have
scored from that position?
An iron defense and a rapid attack.
Because of Itoshi Sae, the U-20s has
become a significantly stronger team.
Right.
First, they defend with four.
We can't find a decisive way through them,
so they steal the ball from us.
That's when the rapid attack
initiated by Itoshi Sae begins.
This is the play style of Japan's U-20s.
How do we break it?
The tactics we drilled into them in the
final training camp don't seem to be working.
Blue Lock Staff
Are we going to be okay, Ego-san?
Well, I guess this is to be expected.
Huh? That sounds so irresponsible.
You see, training is only training, Anri-chan.
Blue Lock
General Director
The only thing that can
be gained from training
is a simple skill that can
be executed stress-free.
During
Training
It applies to any field.
Someone can perform well in practice...
During
Training
but fail to produce in the real thing.
Real
Thing
Oh, I've experienced that myself.
Like making mistakes at a piano recital.
Precisely.
The decisive difference between
training and the real thing is stress.
The environment, the opponents,
your own condition in these situations...
Your mental state, the tension in your
muscles, a stagnant thought process...
The real thing is filled with factors
that can drag you into a negative spiral.
There's no way things will happen
how you practiced them.
But there's one way to
break through that burden.
Improvise.
What? So you're not gonna
give them any instructions?
But if you just sit and watch...
Be quiet and have faith in them.
Our egoists know...
how to handle the real thing.
I can't even see the piece we need
to break through their defense.
To me, they're formidable enemies
with unknown potential.
But...
Just keep your eyes on me.
What I have to do is clear.
I'll get rid of any useless thoughts.
I'll focus every skill I have...
into this move with Rin!
Japan's U-20s
It's pointless passing it
around in midfield, yup.
You're hesitant. You have no one to pass to, yup.
Whatever, Mr. Bags Under My Eyes.
Shorter passes.
Is he adjusting our attacking pattern?
Not using the triangle anymore, huh?
Shut everything else out.
Stick with Rin's vision...
and go wild!
They're passing it faster now.
I can't quite read these two.
The No. 11 is constantly
running around the No. 10,
giving the No. 10 more options.
I can't catch him.
Crap.
A heel pass now?
They drew us out.
Nya-hoy!
That link-up play was making me jealous.
And you two are now free to
go up front. Is that the plan?
There are two center backs behind Nagi.
It's a three-on-two.
We have them outnumbered.
A goal chance.
From here, I'll follow my ego!
They're moving apart now?
I don't understand this combo.
We'll stop 'em, Aiku!
Nice movements, Li'l Burglar.
Now. Gimme it.
Nope. I see you there...
Revenger!
They got through!
Nice improvisation, Itoshi Rin.
Your awakening is the
introduction to our victory.
Here he comes.
He'll take a shot any second now.
He ran even farther?
To where he's got zero angle?
And a left-footed shot?
Don't tell me he's trying to score
the same goal as Itoshi Sae!
Nice save! Second ball!
Blue Lock XI
Here it comes.
Not happening.
You again, huh?
We practiced this pattern.
While Yukimiya's setting it up,
I get into the defender's eyeline
to provide another option for a pass
and make him hesitate. Jamming action!
Ah, crap. Which one?
I was too late to react.
Nice, Isagi-kun. I owe you one!
Nice shot.
What? Even that didn't beat them?
It's still alive! Clear it, Darai!
I know.
'Sup.
You took your eyes off me, idiot.
Otoya reacted to the second ball
in front of the goal.
Just like in training.
Rin's egoistic improvisation
has created this situation.
Now that we've thrown them off,
we can finally make hay...
with what we trained!
Seriously? Move it, old man.
They're tough. But we're not done.
Nagi!
Yup.
A big chance.
I won't let you shoot.
Nope.
Start the shooting motion, then...
Instantly kill it.
A lift tap?
Into a jumping turn?
Nice to meet you, Japan.
I am...
Nagi Seishiro!
Uh...
Did I mess up introducing myself?
All right!
For real?
Not bad.
I see. So all of you are
only thinking of scoring.
This is Blue Lock.
When all the pieces fit,
it can be cataclysmic.
A
Blue Lock Additional Time.
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
Mikage Reo
Multiple Personality
What's up? It's been a while.
How have you been?
Hey there, partner. Let's play soccer again.
Huh?! You're not my teammate anymore!
Damn it! What am I supposed to do?
What are you doing, Reo?
Whoa, Chigiri?
Chigiri Hyoma
Did you copy others too much
and now have multiple personalities?
No, no, no.
This is just, um, you know...
I'm not sure how to talk to Nagi
now that we've reunited, so I was practicing.
Wait, you haven't spoken to him yet?
Yeah. No talking has happened yet.
I'm a chameleon that's
lost sight of its own color.
Uh-huh.
Hey! You could at least show some interest!
Well, as it's you, I'm not all that worried.
But if there's something you need to tell him,
do it while you have a chance.
In here, you never know if
you'll get to see someone again.
Night.
O-Okay.
I see.
He's right.
What I really want to tell him...
Nagi, how exactly do you
feel about me right now?
To you, am I...
A partner?
A competitor?
A buddy?
A rival?
Someone from the past?
Huh?!
What the hell, man?!
Don't you dare put me in the past!
Just you watch, you hassle monster!
You're the biggest hassle here.